.\" DRadio - a Danmarks Radio netradio player.
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2009  Jess Thrysoee
.\"
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.TH DRADIO-CONFIG 1 "AUGUST 2009" DRadio "DRadio Manuals"
.SH NAME
dradio-config \- generate dradio configuration
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dradio-config [--rss]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B dradio-config
is a script to help keep the dradio menu list configuration 
.I ~/.config/dradio/menu.xml
up-to-date.
It relies on curl, tidy, and xsltproc to screen scrape
the DR streams and podcasts pages, and outputs the resulting XML on stdout.
 
Invoke it as, e.g.
.nf
.sp
      dradio-config > radio.xml
.sp
.fi

.nf
.sp
      dradio-config \-\-rss > podcast.xml
.sp
.fi
.SH FILES
.I ~/.config/dradio/menu.xml
.RS
The menu configuration file. See
.BR dradio (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I http://www.dr.dk/netradio/wmp.asp
.RS
DR netradio direct links page.
.RE
.I http://www.dr.dk/Podcast
.RS
DR podcast direct links page.
.SH AUTHOR
Jess Thrysoee <jess@thrysoee.dk>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR dradio (5),
.BR dradio (1),
.BR curl (1)
.BR tidy (1)
.BR xsltproc (1)

