.\" DRadio - a Danmarks Radio netradio player.
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2009  Jess Thrysoee
.\"
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.TH DRADIO 1 "JANUAR 2009" DRadio "DRadio Manuals"
.SH NAME
dradio \- Danmarks Radio netradio player
.\"
.\"   "SYNOPSIS"
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dradio
.RI [--nologo]
.RI [--notitle]
.RI [MPLAYER_OPTIONS]...
.br
.B dradio --help, -h
.br
.B dradio --version
.\"
.\"   "DESCRIPTION"
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B dradio
is a Danmarks Radio (DR) netradio, podcast, and TV player. It is a
terminal based frontend to
.BR mplayer (1)
that collects the available channels/podcasts for convenient browsing.
.\"
.\"   "OPTIONS"
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fBMPLAYER_OPTIONS\fR"
Options are passed to the mplayer child process, e.g. 'dradio \-nocache' will turn
off mplayer caching. See
.BR mplayer (1)
for a description of the available options.
.IP "\fB\-\-help\fR, \fB\-h\fR"
Print help message and exit.
.IP "\fB\-\-version\fR"
Print the version number and exit.
.IP "\fB\-\-nologo\fR"
Do not show DR logo.
.IP "\fB\-\-notitle\fR"
Do not try to update the title/icon text of the terminal with the currently playing
menu item name.
.\"
.\"   "KEYBOARD CONTROL"
.\"
.SH KEYBOARD CONTROL
.IP "\fBk/j\fR or \fBup/down\fR"
Navigate menu 1 item up/down.
.IP "\fBctrl-b/ctrl-f\fR or \fBpgup/pgdown\fR"
Navigate menu 1 page up/down.
.IP "\fB/\fR and \fB*\fR"
Decrease/increase volume.
.IP "\fB<\fR and \fB>\fR"
Previous/next podcast.
.IP "\fBleft\fR and \fBright\fR"
Seek backward/forwards 1 minute in podcasts.
.IP "\fBshift-left\fR and \fBshift-right\fR"
Seek backward/forward 10 minutes in podcasts.
.IP "\fBt\fR"
Toggle show DR logo.
.IP "\fBp\fR"
Toggle pause.
.IP "\fBq\fR"
Quit.
.LP
When playing streaming TV or video podcasts see
.BR mplayer (1)
for keyboard controls.
.\"
.\"   "FILES"
.\"
.SH FILES
.I ~/.config/dradio/menu.xml
.RS
The menu configuration file. See
.BR dradio (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I ~/.config/dradio/out.log
.RS
mplayer stdout is redirected here.
.RE
.I ~/.config/dradio/err.log
.RS
mplayer stderr is redirected here.
.RE
.I ~/.config/dradio/input.conf
.RS
The mplayer input.conf configuration file. See
.BR mplayer (1)
for further details.
.RE
.I http://www.dr.dk/netradio/wmp.asp
.RS
DR netradio direct links page.
.RE
.I http://www.dr.dk/Podcast
.RS
DR podcast direct links page.
.\"
.\"   "AUTHOR"
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Jess Thrysoee <jess@thrysoee.dk>
.\"
.\"   "SEE ALSO"
.\"
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR dradio (5),
.BR dradio-config (1),
.BR mplayer (1),
.BR ncurses (3NCURSES)

